It's just a game and a dream
You scum
How dare you violate me
I'm going to kill you!
You're done, I'll call the police to arrest you right away
Go ahead and see
The relief officer is here
Will you give me an award for bravery?
What do you mean?
I saved you in the hands of Jia Longhuang
I beat him back for you
Saved you when you were at your worst
I really, really like you.
Damn why you
Why was I ruined by one of your stinky security guards?
You really don't know what to do
I should have recorded a video for you to see
Let you see how you begged me to stop talking
Humph well, cross the river and demolish the bridge.
I warn you.
You are not allowed to say what happened today
Otherwise I want you to look good